**STAMP** is a Software License Management (SLM) software. It is useful for organizations who are looking to limit, understand and improve the usage of their software by enabling license checkin and checkout procedures.

# STAMP
**STAMP** is a Software License Management (SLM) software. SLM is the process of managing software licenses used throughout the organization from a single console. **STAMP** provides 
1. a license key cutter executable (cutter.exe) to generate a valid license file,
2. a license management server executable (plmgrd.exe) to grant checkin/checkout license, and
3. a license management client library (libparipath.a) to request checkin/checkout license from clients over a network (private or internet) of machines. 

## 1. Software License Cutter
License cutter executable (cutter.exe) adds an encryted key string for each feature requested in the input lincese request file. Check out documentation for the format of lincese request file.

## 2. License Management Server
The Lincese Management Server executable (plmgrd.exe) runs as a daemon on the server with information mentioned in the license file generated by Software Lincense Cutter. It monitors the server port for license check-in/check-out requests. 

Software License Manager daemon is locked to run on the server machine with hostname, hostID and port-number and will refuse to run on other machines or other ports.

## 3. License Management Library
You as a software provider integrates Lincese Management Library (libparipath.a) and uses its APIs to request feature license check-in/check-out. 

## Docs
Please read to license architecture document before modifying this code.

# How to Compile

## Prerequisite

**Ubuntu**
```sudo apt-get install libcrypto++-dev libcrypto++-doc libcrypto++-utils```

**CentOS**
```yum install libcrypto++-dev libcrypto++-doc libcrypto++-utils```

```
% make
% ssh PDA2
% make test
% make install
```

# USAGE
